The reality is, God can do anything He wants, the world is His playground within physical statistical divergence limitations, and like me with Lina [my cat], He’s just allowing — oh no linguistics lost what a surprise

Lina [my cat] probably feels the good and meaning that comes occasionally, and trusts that some point exists beyond her comprehension, that the humans know, and the human does know it, as she’s an outgrowth of a consciousness source that is heading towards celebration and health, richness, adventure, relationships, experiences, and she will technically be part of that source again, dead but eternal. 

But she’s confined while alive, bored, and has to accept it, trusting that those moments she’s waiting have that latent meaning, the one maybe the humans know.

But God is not optimizing for her, nor am I at least not more than I can though I wish I could, I wish I could give better, and that’s where I think I’m more intelligent than God. The universe isn’t my playground. It’s something I have principles in. To me, intelligence and good are intrinsically linked definitionally. Intelligence without good is not intelligent. God may be intelligent, expert planning, infinite optimization, joyful roller coaster goals, but He’s not good if He left fingerprints of His interventions on somebody’s suffering, and with the intelligence to plan — oh no linguistics lost again what a surprise[^1]

[^1]: My 29-year-long isolation is under-emphasized in these essays/"psalms," amid constant suffering, goodness to others, and really hard work, alongside those fingerprints of His interventions, and ongoing. Meanwhile, I take my cat outside, take her to the park (even near the river), [linguistics lost again but was saying, and want to socialize her with other cats, wish I had more cats to socialize her with, and dogs since she seems to be more comfortable with dogs interestingly, approaching them and sniffing them outside. She also climbs things, kind of sometimes likes the rain and doesn't go home when it patters or even downpours (I have a good video of this), has a good routine of meowing when she wants to go outside (even back in if I go indoors), and I usually don't coerce her one way or another. She cuddles up with me and trusts me, and is even comfortable near babbling brooks in the park on a leash and driving, without containment in the passenger seat — ah, linguistics are getting weird. She's comfortable in the car, with me. I also give her high quality food. My pets — even friends' pets or strays — trust me. Sometimes even squirrels. Also deer. Other fauna too (there were chipmunks, and foxes once). Deer especially. Those I practiced with (I have some photos). I talk to her. She knows my voice and my language patterns, and her own name. She can escape custody by turning the door handle if the door opens outwards, I recently learned. I once had an army of cats sort of bow to me, but that's a longer story.
