All I can say is the universe’s behavior is governed by some intelligence. I can’t speak to that intelligence’s goodness. The messages it delivers through me are good, but it has humiliated me repeatedly to achieve this. It has traded my trust and dignity for goals that through me and my interpretations seemed good, but might’ve been different goals for all I know. It doesn’t seem to have any plan or intention to change this status of its relationship to me, despite the extreme personal harm that status does me in every moment of my waking life and activity, and despite the power and planning ability it has proven to have (proven through disambiguated metaphysics interventions over long horizons of time and over non-local bodies of people, hence “the universe’s behavior is governed by some intelligence,” but “power and planning ability” doesn’t necessitate goodness, e.g.,  not-necessarily-good entities like for example political parties or insurance companies are also powerful and have planning ability but that doesn’t make them “good” or “Gods”). What little choices it leaves me are necessitated by the extreme tragedy that lies outside of their obedience and success, while that success remains un-guaranteed and the high chance of its failure loomingly threatening. I find myself again in the position of being an unpaid slave, with any other interpretation being even more damning to the moral nature of that intelligence, since I both have no choice in what to do and no desire/pay/reward to do it. The threat of finding that that intelligence has no regard at all for my dignity in my social relationships, as well, never subsides, especially as it’s currently nearly universally the case. Unlike for probably anybody else, the incredibly-likely-and-planned imminence of my suicide[^1] is caused by the described circumstances that that intelligence has orchestrated.

[^1]: at time of writing.
