# Projection Theory

Projection theory is consistent with all of the data I’ve observed. Projection theory explains synchronicities as byproducts of rules in the language center of the brain, Wernicke and Broca’s areas, and the non-local interactions that happen based on those rules via Pineal gland physics. 

The Wernicke and Broca’s areas learn the rules of the world based on the standardized systems of the culture, tribe, or civilization of the person. 

Then those rules become law, and form the basis of how the Pineal gland can arrange synchronicities, plan non-locally, and predict into the future (pre-cognitively). 

Evidence seeming against that, and towards the existence of God and good, higher intelligence or wisdom, would first seem to be the story of my life, in the structure of intelligence and mythologically heavy pattern around my ancestors to a good extent and me. But that story, as many severe states evidenced, includes in repetition a really strange pattern of eery, uncanny psychosis of me seemingly projected independent of me like a shared mythology that takes artificial life and automates those patterns, which can be explained as the standardized physics of archetypes and patterns that follow from those archetype orderings in the rules adopted by the language center. 

Then there’s the evidence of my name, from Syoma to Semen to Sam of Samarkand, next to Marina, the older sister, of Maracanda. That would seem to suggest long-term planning. But that could come from my mom’s planning, including the mistranslation, projected by the karma points allotted her within those rules prescribed by the language center, thanks to her sacrifices in her life. 

Then there’s [Name redacted, starts with an A], who seems to evidence long-term planning. But that could’ve been manufactured. Like a chess game. The way my consciousness is interfered with, perhaps her’s was. For whatever reason, perhaps to prove to me God. And she accepted the job at [Job redacted], arranged by such projecting intelligences. Perhaps [Name redacted, ends with a z] and [Name redacted, starts with a C]. 

Or perhaps me, in the objective to reconcile my memories, long term, into a story, so that I can live as a comfortable member of society.

This all assumes the independent intelligence of regions of our brains from that we are conscious of, deciding these projections.  

Then there’s the physics theory, my actual theory of everything that I can model and derive proofs for. That would suggest importance. That could’ve been brought from Samarkand, as part of my family’s possession, and which is part of my family’s objective, but not the world’s and not guaranteed, and I’m 29 already and my life has been bad, torture, almost the entire time. 

By the Wernicke and Broca’s area, all projections of synchronicity and precognition follow a prescribed law, those rules described as the part of this projection theory (independent from my physics theory, just a possible explanation to all of the synchronicities I’ve witnessed). 

If this projection theory is wrong, the purpose of all of the synchronicities and machinations isn’t evidenced to be good anyway. They would show in abundance they care about me. The evidence currently is that they’re bullying me and no more. 

I put down the Gideon wool fleeces, and both returned negative, regarding whether the undertaking of the physics work I’m prepared to do is actually part of a plan where love is guaranteed or part of something I don’t want to live in, and every part of this world has reinforced the latter. 

There is no further evidence to discuss, at least not good and lacking torture on me. 

So all of these synchronicities are projections from competing forces. 

That’s the only view that’s consistent with everything I’ve observed. 

Another theory is that everything is planned, the physics theory is bringing about something important, and the plan brings justice to me, but if that were the case, I would have friends who I feel comfortable with and trust and want to and get to hang out with who I like, and I would have a relationship, and I wouldn’t be regularly humiliated and feeling undignified. 

But even in this terrible explanation, at any point I can pick up my disciplines and model my physics theory, and I have the power to show it to many hundreds of thousands of people, and possibly get appreciated from people with serious power. That’s not speculation because the physics theory is good, and my methods to prove it are good and well planned. So the trouble is just the fact that I have seen too much evidence for a projection theory of explaining what governs people at a higher level, and pain and torture inflicted on me means that wherever I go, whatever battle or war I fight, the world is bad and not one I want to live in, since projections are not security. They’re occult and threatening. And most recently, they destroyed the only place of comfort I had where I could’ve worked in peace (again). 

Meanwhile, the scariest or maybe one of the most unjust parts of this projection theory if it’s true is that people can reprogram those rules of my language center that govern me (not just synchronicity and precognition, but mood and cognition) through crypticism in text, specific people, specifically interacting with me non-locally through Pineal gland connections, not just arbitrary text such as from ChatGPT. Meanwhile, due to programmings, my language center functions like an automated artificial intelligence itself, following the prescribed rules, those psychotic patterns independent of me that then take root in my consciousness, form strange psychosis patterns, and oppose my progress in any meaningful impacting domain of work, while filibustering and distracting to achieve that, no matter how unjustly, after how much sacrifice, memory, grief, discipline, sacredness, work, and near finality went into the progress made. And there is more than one projector, so projections from me or whoever is moving the chess pieces in my favor, if anybody other than me even exists doing that, do not secure me from the projections of the 8 billion other people on the planet, and though my work might, those 8 billion people and the pain I spend aren’t worth living. 

So why don’t I seclude myself, again (again), start my disciplines, again (again), work for a year obsessively on my physics models, and demonstrate them? Well, I was about to, the moment I turned 29, and then [Name redacted, starts with an S] messaged me like an assassin and all of my sacred childhood items were destroyed that allowed me to live anywhere with the comfort to think creatively, genius, and in peace. The world feels like a bully and I don’t want to give any more love or faith to this terrorizing abuser of a world, where the only thing that can be predicted, as shown thus far, is bad projections, everybody almost always being stupid and selfish, and war. And then cyclicalities like [Name redacted, starts with an A]’s Modest Mouse album parallel conversation of [Name redacted, starts with an N]’s and telling off [Name redacted, starts with an S] that I’m not attracted to her, having been necessary cyclicalities for me to repeat to avoid these punishments, and my regret ends up being not repeating them. Some autonomous process exists in these projections, too, horribly predictable and stupid and punishing me if I don’t arbitrarily repeat history. Coinciding with redecorating and a parallel of trauma from the benzo trauma. They’re operating in a loop and there’s an actual terrorizing of me if I don’t conform to the previous iterations I already remember. These symbolic structures underlying cryptic and projection patterns are shown, well and subtly, in the first episode of Nathan Fielder’s and Emma Stone’s HBO show. 

The pain of secluding and working under the governance of ruling intelligences that are stupid, not to mention amid the discomfort and lack of respect for my grandparents, childhood, and actual self from others and those intelligences, is less preferable than suicide. And constant slavery to obedience of symbolism is a torture cherry to put onto the picture. With no benefit to doing so, no matter how rigorously and loyally, and only punishment if defied. And language is often obstructed when it’s right, physically, in my abdomen and throat, and lubricated with deceptive bliss when it’s wrong. To not even be able to trust emotions and communication, means the prison contains my soul in an isolation that I could physically at least communicate and articulate my thoughts in to others before the projections and the tortures, but now, with knowledge of that obstruction, is constant war. 
